# Baseball Stats Getter
I am the only one working on this project so I will be the sole person doing all of the labor for this project. The goal of this project is to use object oriented programming along with import of MLB statistics to gather and provide easy access for the user to gather any statistic they would like whether it be a team, player, coach, or division. The program will use data from the mlb that will be imported in which the classes will have access to within there methods and will calculate the statistic necessary. Stats that will be calculated and/or found include: batting average, hits, at bats, wins, losses, world series wins, strike outs, fielding percentage, on base percentage, and slugging percentage. 
The structure of the project will include four classes and the players will be inheriting all methods and attributes of the teams and teams will inherit from division class. The division, coaches, and teams classes will have methods to get or calculate wins, losses, and world series. Then, players will inherit from teams and will also have methods for batting average, hits, at bats, strike outs, fielding percentage, on base percentage, and slugging percentage. 
The libraries I will need to learn to use and download is pybaseball which will import the stats I will then use for calculating the ones in my program.
The main priorotiy is getting the library to download and function property and ensure all the stats can import properly into all classes. Then, the class structure in a separate file is next priority as I need to have all the classes laid out with the methods. Lastly, is the main python file which will contain all the code necessary to loop and have the user interaction and get inputs of the user request.
